# Pre-Lecture Questions Oct. 24
1. What is the biggest disadvantage of CBC? ANS. Encryption cannot be parallized
2. OFB works like a synchronous stream cipher. ANS. Yes (CFB also stream cipher but not synchronous)
3. Counter mode is essentially a stream cipher. What is the biggest advantage of this mode? 
4. Random oracle is theoretically impossible. ANS. Yes
5. What are the practical requirements of a hash function? 
Pre-image resistance/Second-preimage resistance/Collision resistance
# Purpose
Compress an arbitrary message into an output of fixed length 
# Random Oracle Model
## Why impossible
- because the message space size is larger than the size of the output space
- Solution: Ensure that is computationally infeasible to find 2 msgs same output

# Security Requirements

1. Pre-image resistance, Given H(m), can't find m
2. Second pre-image resistance, Given m1, cannot find H(m1) = H(m2)
3. Collision resistance, Given m1, m2, can't find H(m1) = H(m2)

# Birthday Paradox : Probability

P(1) = 0
P(2) = 1- 364/365
P(3) = 1 -  364/365 * 363/365
When P(23) = 0.5
P(50) = 1 

## Birthday attack on collision resistance 
So, based on the Birthday Paradox, if I have a n bit hash function, it is security is not theoretically 2^n, but 2^(n/2)
For a hash function with a 160-bit output, its security strength is effectively 80 bits, which is half of its output size.

## Collision in hash
If a Malware can generate the same hash as the Genuine system, then it can get the digital signing. 

# Hash function design basics 
- Operation mode
- Compression function
- Confusion-diffusion operation







