# Pre-Lecture Questions Oct. 30
1. MAC does not protect confidentiality. ANS. Yes
2. MAC always needs a secret key to generate a tag and a secret key to verify the tag. ANS. Yes
3. Which of the following are secure MAC constructions?
CBC-MAC with a random IV
**CBC-MAC with a all zero IV**
H(k, m) where H is a secure one-way function
**HMAC**
4. Which of the following are authenticated encryption? 
**CBC + HMAC
OFB + CBC-MAC**
Counter + CBC
CBC-MAC + HMAC
**Counter + HMAC**
5. 
# 补这部分

# Ways to contruct MAC
## Block Cipher
CBC-MAC
Why Fixed IV, not random? If we use random IV, we cannot generate a new MAC without knowing the key. 
## Hash
1. Mac 
MAC tag = H(k, m[0]||m[1]||m[2])
If the recipient only verify the MAC but not the length of the message, the malware can edit the message and the recipient does not know. 
**MAC tag = H(m, k)** Still in secure
2. HMAC
Basic intuition
- Need to have a secret key to protect the front
- Need to have a secret key to protect the end
Resulting: **H(k1, H(k2, m))**

How to make it efficient? 
HMAC
- Use only one secret key (hence efficient)
**HMAC(k,m) = H( k⊕opad  ll  H( k⊕ipad ll m ) )**

### Attack on HMAC
Example of encryption: Keyczar crypto library  (Python) 
def Verify(key, msg, sig_bytes):
	return HMAC(key, msg) == sig_bytes
Use timing attack: 
	Query server with random tag, loop over all first bytes until the time takes a little longer, repeat all tag bytes until valid tag found
## Defence 
Make string comparator always take same time   (Python) : 
```
return false if  sig_bytes  has wrong length
result = 0        
for x, y in zip( HMAC(key,msg) , sig_bytes):
         result |= ord(x) ^ ord(y)
return result == 0
```
### Attacker-2: 
Can change the port through xor operation
