# Pre-Lecture Questions Nov.9
1. Cross-site scripting attack works by sending cross-site requests ANS. No
2. What are two types of XSS attacks? 
Persistent XSS/Non Persistent XSS
3. Which of the following are effective countermeasures against XSS attack?
Filter code from the user input
**Encode user input
Content security policy**
Don't use JavaScript

4. How to make JavaScript code produce a copy of itself?
**By getting code from DOM API**
By saving a copy of itself within the JavaScript code
**By fetching code from an external link**
5. Same site cookie is used to defend CSRF. Can the same solution be applied to defend XSS? ANS. No
# Pre-Lecture Questions Nov.13
1. Which of the following are valid comments in SQL

**select * from employee; # comment
select * from employee; #comment
select * from employee; -- comment**
select * from employee; --comment
**select * from employee; /* comment */
select * from employee; /*comment*/
2. 
# SQL Tutorial Part**
- Insert Row
- Show database
- Create table
- Select
- Where
- Update
- Try hyphens '-' in the lab
# How Web Applications Interact with Database/ Attacks
- PHP Example
## Bypass password
Examples
1. Use # to comment out the password requirement
ex. `Where eid = 'EID5002' #' and password='xyz'`
2. Change it to or 1=1 to log in without password
ex. `Where eid = 'a' or 1=1`
## Command Line Attack Examples
-  We can send out a form from a command-line, instead of from a web page.
- Using cURL, we can send out a form from a command-line, instead of from a web page.

## Modify Database

If the statement is UPDATE or INSERT INTO, we will have chance to change the database. 
Ex. Edit salary

## Multiple SQL Statement 
Such as add a new statement after the intended SQL to Drop the table

## Fundamental Reason and Cause
Mixing data and code would cause the vulnerabilities, like SQL injection attack, XSS attack, attacks on the system() function and format string attacks. 

# Countermeasures
## Filtering/Encoding (NOT RECOMMENDED)
- Might maintained by multiple developers
- Might be guessed by the attackers
## Prepared Statement (√)
- Separate data and code
- 

