# Pre-Lecture Questions Nov.16
1. In a SYN flood attack, if you forge the sender's IP to be a public server's address, e.g., Google, what will happen to the attack? ANS. The attack will most likely not work
2. What are the countermeasures against TCP sync attacks? ANS. Enable sync cookie
3. 
# Promiscuous mode 
If a sniffer program is registered with the kernel, it will be able to see all the packets.

# Wireless network 
- Wireless network has different name of Promiscuous mode as monitor mode
- But WIFI card cannot capture different channels
NIC: Network Interface Card
Wireless NIC (无线网卡)

# BSD Packet Filter (BPF)
- Eg. A filter can only allow packets from port 22
- It is possible to have multiple filters'
# Sniffing
Means capture all the live data that flows across a network

# UDP Server
Receiving Packets Using Socket
- Create socket
- Provide information about server
- Receive packets
# Sniffer 
Receiving Packets Using Sockets
- Create raw socket
- Use Promiscuous mode
- Wait for packets

# Drawbacks
- This program is not portable across different operating systems. 
- Setting filters is not easy (not included in the code examples)
- The program does not explore any optimization to improve performance.
- The PCAP (packet capture) library was thus created.
- It still uses raw sockets internally, but its API is standard across all platforms. OS specifics are hidden by PCAP’s implementation.
- Allows programmers to specify filtering rules using human readable Boolean expressions.

# Packet Sniffing using pcap API


# Packet Spoofing
Why raw sockets? 
- With raw socket, we construct the entire packet in a buffer including the IP header before sending it out via the socket

# Spoofing using ICMP packet
# Spoofing using UDP packet 
- add more payload
# Methods 
Python + Scrapy : Slow, easy
C : Fast, Hard
Hybrid: Use Python Scrapy to construct, use C to slightly modify and send

# Endianness 
Network Order = Big Endian
So we have to use network order during the process part. 



