
2. A packet filter is also called a stateless firewall. ANS. Yes
3. Which of the following commands establishes an SSH tunnel from the home machine to the apollo machine? After that the user will simply be able to connect to the work machine from home by using: telnet localhost 8000

# What is firewall? 
## Definition
1. Traffic between trust zones can pass firewall
2. Only authorized traffic can pass through
3. Firewall must be immune
## States
- Accetped
- Denied: Not allowed to enter firewall
- Rejected: Decision mad through ICMP packet from firewall
## Types of use
1. Ingress filtering, prevent from outside
2. Egress filtering: inspect outgoing, e.g. China Great Firewall
# Types
## Packet Filter Firewall
Control traffic based on headers, no state control
Does not pay attention to the packets that are  existing traffic
## Stateful Firewall
Only allow existing connections
## Application Firewall
Controls input/output
# Build
## Netfilter
Packet filtering can be done inside the kernel
-  Provides hooks at critical points on the packet traversal path inside Linux Kernel
- Loadable Kernel Modules: Allow privileged users to dynamically add/remove modules to the kernel, so there is no need to recompile the entire kernel.

## Stateful Firewall
- Using IP Address, port numbers, sequence numbers ...
- Control TCP, UDP and ICMP
## Connection Tracking Framework
Filters into 4 states: NEW, ESTABALISHED, RELATED, INVALID

# Examples
## Stateful Firewall that only outgoing TCP packets
## Application/Proxy Firewall and Web Proxy
Typically, we use proxy to implement firewall. 
Challenge: How to make all traffic goes through proxy. 
## OTHERS

Anonymizing Proxy
Proxy also used to evade egress filtering

# Counter Firewall
## SSH 
Build SSH from home to apollo to access work internet
Build SSH from apollo to home to access not allowed social media websites through the ssh channel

## Dynamic Port Forwarding
SOCKS Proxy, all data must goes through the socket
## Reverse SSH tunneling
Supposing: 
Firewall block any incoming SSH sessions. 
It does not block outgoing SSH. 
We use reverse SSH tunneling to access internal webs. 

## VPNs
tunnel between inside and outside network

## IP Tunnelling
- IP Sec
- TLS/SSL
## Main idea of VPN
Why Facebook can reply the VPN server instead of direct to the user? 
because VPN creates another packet to include the user packet